render changelog on PyPI (#24)
zopefoundation/Products.ZMySQLDA: CHANGES.rst

---------
- Unicode support now works!

> - Unicode support reworked to use MySQL db's unicode support instead of its

Reviewer: MySQLdb is the correct spelling

Author: TIL! Thanks.

```suggestion
- Unicode support reworked to use MySQLdb's unicode support instead of its
```
